Esc Reload Power and re-enroll (Enter recovery page) or you can just powerwash
log into your chromebook and immediately turn off wifi and click reload and powerbutton (instant restart)
Log back into your chromebook with the wifi off. There should be something on the side of the connect wifi page that says log in offline.
Go to chrome://extensions, turn on wifi, and wait for your schools blocking extension to appear.
As soon as it appears turn off wifi and instant restart as fast as you can.
Log back in and go back to extensions and wait. If it says your blocking extension could be corrupted or doesnt appear at all then it worked (wait atleast a minute with a close watch incase it comes back)
If it didnt work repeat from step 1.
If it did work you could go onto anything like now.gg without need of a proxy
If no log in offline button check if there is a sign in as a existing account in blue letters



more below!!!
step 1: Go to chrome://extensions 
step 2: click the ‘details’ button below the extension you want to disable 
step 3: on the url bar it should say “/?id=blahblahblah” copy the id. don’t close this tab
step 4: go to “chrome-extension://YOUR ID HERE/manifest.json” 
step 5: make a new bookmark and on the url put “chrome://hang” have it ready.
step 6: on the manifest.json page click the bookmark then duplicate the tab it should then load indefinitely 
step 7: go back to the extension you wanted to disable tab and click any switch their is for example “allow acces to file urls” and boom it’s disabled





more elbow 
https://ltmeat.bypassi.com/#exploit

elbow more
BABY METHOD
FOR THE TECHNOLOGICALLY CHALLENGED

---

1. Follow step one of the original instructions to find a page belonging to the Chrome extension you want to disable.

2. Visit that chrome-extension:// page, then type chrome://hang in the URL bar of that tab. It should start loading infinitely.

3. Right-click the tab and duplicate it. Don't close anything.

4. Go to the chrome://extensions page for the extension you want to disable. See https://ltmeat.bypassi.com/img/vid.webm

5. If that page has any sort of switch, such as "Allow access to file URLs", click that switch. If there are no clickable switches, cry in a corner or something.

The extension should now be broken, assuming you clicked the switch! Only one of the two duplicate tabs should be left standing. You can close your tabs now. Refer to the help section for more help.

---

(or watch https://vimeo.com/823421891 by the epic Caffe#3880)


i want to kms 
The method linked above involves less spamming. It doesn't work for all extensions, but it should work for your filter. However, it's also easier to block. The original instructions are shown below.

STEP ONE: Find a page belonging to the extension you want to disable. You'll need your extension's 32-character ID to continue. If you're trying to bypass stuff, try finding it in a filter extension ID list. For further help, check the help section.

Once you have the ID, you'll be guaranteed to get to a working chrome-extension:// page by visiting the manifest file: (with your extension's ID substituted in, of course)

chrome-extension://extension_id_here_please/manifest.json
Some extensions' pages are much easier to access directly (like their options or block pages). All that's important is that you open a page belonging to the extension you want to disable.

STEP TWO: Bookmark the extension page (bookmark A) if you wish. Then, bookmark chrome://kill (B) and chrome://hang (C).

STEP THREE: While on the extension page (A), click the chrome://kill bookmark (B). The page should crash. You should already have the next step prepared.

STEP FOUR: Instantly start spamming chrome://hang (bookmark C) and quickly reload the page while spamming using the refresh key on your keyboard (or less ideally, ctrl+R). You should have reloaded within one or two seconds of killing the page.

A timeline of the exploit can be seen below:


If you are unable to visit the extension page (bookmark A) after trying the exploit, then LTMEAT worked! Please read the help section if you had an issue (for example, if no sites seem to load). You can restore extensions by signing out and back into your Chromebook.


Note that the steps above are by no means the only way to perform the exploit. I'll add the first alternate set of instructions on May 11th for people affected by patches.



death 
# COMMON FILTER EXTENSION IDs



Lightspeed/Relay has different IDs for every district, sorry. Read the help section.

GoGuardian: haldlgldplgnggkjaafhelgiaglafanh
Securly (old): iheobagjkfklnlikgihanlhcddjoihkg
Securly (new): joflmkccibkooplaeoinecjbmdebglab
Blocksi: pgmjaihnmedpcdkjcgigocogcbffgkbn
iBoss: kmffehbidlalibfeklaefnckpidbodff
Fortiguard: igbgpehnbmhgdgjbhkkpedommgmfbeao
Cisco Umbrella: jcdhmojfecjfmbdpchihbeilohgnbdci
NetRef: khfdeghnhlpdfeenmdofgcbilkngngcp
ContentKeeper: jdogphakondfdmcanpapfahkdomaicfa
Hapara: kbohafcopfpigkjdimdcdgenlhkmhbnc
Smoothwall: jbldkhfglmgeihlcaeliadhipokhocnm
Linewize: ddfbkhpmcdbciejenfcolaaiebnjcbfc
LANSchool: baleiojnjpgeojohhhfbichcodgljmnj 



Credit to Caffe#3880
Contact Bypassi if you want any IDs added
